Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we're going to have a background color over a test.
Okay?
Now, in order to do this, we're going to need to go back to our via code.
And in order to have access to the caller's property, we are going to need to wrap this test button
with a container widget.
So I light and use contract dot and wrap container.
And in order to have access to a lot of properties which this container has, we are going to have a
declaration and then a box declaration.
And now we can then say color and this is going to be colors, dots black 26 and the true color and
use control and has to save.
And you're going to see it over here now.
Okay.
And what we can do is we can give some breathing space horizontally and vertically.
To do this, we're going to need to alight this test and use control dots.
And we're going to wrap this with a size box.
The size box is similar to that of the container.
The major difference is between the size box and the container widget is the container has access to
lots more property which this size box do not have.
The container has access to the colors, the border radius, the border has the size box do not have
those purposes.
Okay.
Now the similar purpose is the size box of and the container is the height.
You can see the size box also has the height property and as well the width property for the height
that is the vertical shape.
We are going to say 40.
That is how long it's going to be.
We can just get rid of this.
So you see this in practice, okay.
And you're going to see it away vertically.
And for the weeds, we can then say media query to get the screen of our weeds or the screen weeds.
Okay.
Media query, the turf contest, the size, the tweet.
And we just want to size it by 20% or we want 20% of the screen.
To do that, all we just have to say is 0.2.
If we want 90%, this is going to be zero nine and 80% zero, that's eight.
So basically just wants 20%.
So zero, that's two.
And I use concur and save.
Okay, great.
And what we can do is.
Over this left side, we can have some rounded shape.
To do that.
The container has within the box declaration, it has the border radius.
Okay.
You can see the size box.
Do not have this border radius or do not have the color.
So that is why one of the reason you would want to use a container in order to have access to lots more
properties if not the container and the size box are basically saying because it has the height which
the container has and the width which the container also has.
Okay.
So this is going to be border radius.
But every year we do not want to give for all sides, but all these specific sides and this is left.
So we want to give for the top left.
So we have to say top.
Left.
Sorry.
Top, left and radius.
Radius.
Dutch scholar of 25.
Okay.
How do you recommend a used controller and has to save.
And okay.
And we're also going to give a radius for the bottom left its ends.
Yeah.
So you can say bottom left radius.
Radius.
That circular of 25 additional cover of Fire and youth control.
And that's the safe.
Okay.
Now, if you look closely, you can see this test is way to push to the left side so you can be sure
of it being in the center.
To do that, the test widgets we're going to highlight and wrap this with the center widget.
Alight and go check this out.
Okay.
Now what we can just do.
We can just reduce the font size.
I think it's way too big.
We can reduce this to eight in.
And.
And that's the symbol of our time.
We can just copy this.
I light its ends.
Yeah.
Copy.
And.
We can get rid of this test button over via.
PS this.
And what we have to do.
We have to rename this back to order.
Is contraire.
And that's the save.
And.
And we don't really need any shape of air so we can just get rid of that border radius.
Border radius.
So it ends here.
You can see why truly combat is very good and we really do not need this declaration.
Because we basically uses the equation, you know, that to have access to lots more properties.
So you can just get rid of it, get rid of it and have the colour there.
Okay.
Great.
And what we can do is we can change the color.
This is going to be colors that can.
Therefore, the test is picking this color from this wire so you can just change this says colour to
white.
So over here we can then say sorry color.
And this is going to be colors that.
Why it's okay is contrary and excessive.
Okay.
We can just increase this.
Font size to maybe 20 or 20 to.
Okay.
22.
And we have to do for this as well.
So get rid of this test button.
And paste is Katrina to.
And we're going to need to change this.
Back to a wish list.
You can try to save now and you're going to sit there.
But this time around, we are going to give a border at the top, right.
Okay.
So.
This is going to be top.
Top rides like that is at this spot.
Okay.
So bright and.
Bottom.
Right.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
Sounds good.
You can just change the color of your test body for it.
It's picking the color from this or that is the Silver Harbor.
You can see this as well.
Clickable.
Sims.
Good.
Okay, guys, see you at the next lecture.